Do you understand fucking that I killed fucking like
twice and without your help
and then they told me because there is no
ward fuck it could be fuckin
12 minute hoesos not so fucking not
to bomb when all i ask is a sheet
just put and pile the base where everything is on
change school please be kind 1 for
late
5a classes match well understood fuck all
their form of lapshov two times fucking foot
Fuck and go even killed the team
fucking malt kills fucking in public
right now what conclusions do you want
minutes their parents called sex thanks
big and let's just fucking peace
piled up nikakuschy attacking that
did just days before the fuck
adds show me control and
self control illusions and can also take
I can't fuck for help
the fucking team has nothing to do with you
there is no way just zero here at all
the game fucking never once did not give a dick
didn't give just just suck good good
to the ground
don't even get rid of the fuck piece
shit and given for therefore fucking just
tell a fucking spot with all your
crest black geeks fucking friends
then the help of the juesos japan is only
now started helping you 20 minutes
something mider took Mr. berg panda fucking
what abnormal link mider which
gank can they dick suck him like
do you understand yourself playing with like
people fucking bitch take foot to no
some kind of fucking i'm winning
hard cabin
you there and get down claws let's
with spells, everything would have taken normally midamer and
in finished before that this one asked you
fuck that question and said fuck you one
fuck action fuck the only thing
It had a single pull of the convolutions
dokhuya
that just fucking stand by sight
what a hobby fucking recline with the floors
all the fuck you did and health here
here you are fucking want to say that you
not goner after this generation
you have to go bitch on son
fucking fucking